War Engines first pass (#28)
GameBrains/er-core: modules/special-rules/pages/war-engine-movement.adoc

== Forward movement of War Engine units

In general, when you move a War Engine unit, you may only move it in a straight line, directly ahead.

> You may make a single turn of up to 45° for free as part of the move.
> // IJW editing note: I've tweaked this to make it clearer that you get a single free turn, and not multiple free turns that add up to 45º. The original GW text was ambiguous, but the example made it clear that they _meant_ one turn...

Reviewer: Yes, I agree, good catch.
```suggestion
You may make a single turn of up to 45° for free as part of the move.
```

== Reverse movement of War Engine units

You may move a War Engine unit backwards, though not as fast.

> Make the move in the same way as for forward movement, except that you cannot move the unit more than 5 cm.

Reviewer: Good — just a minor tweak to phrasing.
```suggestion
Make the move in the same way as for forward movement, except that you may not move the unit more than 5 cm.
```
